(upbeat music)
All right let's uh - let's pull those beer and display
them on a page. This is not in the menu.
You could maybe put a link in the footer if you wanted to,
but it's just forward slash beers.
Uh, we'll go ahead and open up 'Beers.js', and we've just
got to react and we have our simple ham on the Beer page.
So, first thing we need to do is query the data.
Then, we'll loop over it and display it
and then we'll style it and that's kind of that whole
song and dance with Gatsby.
Um, you do that over and over and over
til you've done your website.
So, we'll export, const query is equal to graphql.
Um, you gotta spell const right, and then we need to
auto import 'graphql'. So, import 'graphql' from Gatsby.
So, now what do the query look like?
Well, we wrote a query right here.
So, the query is 'allbeer', and then you have 'nodes'
name and all of it.
So, we go here. Say query.
Allbeer, so singular.
And then we have the nodes.
And for each node, we want the ID, the name,
the price, the image, um and then the rating.
And inside the rating, it's uh the average and reviews.
Okay, and we'll go up to our BeersPage here and destructure
that data and then let's just consol that log, that data.
Just to make sure it's being pulled in properly.
So, here.
Open up your rev tools. There we go.
Object, Allbeer, nodes.
Okay.
Let's actually rename this to 'beers' instead of 'allbeer'.
Now, in here. We will give ourselves an 'h2'.
Um, actually 'h2' with a class of center.
And then inside of that we want something that says,
'We have' and we want to list how many beers are available.
So, 'data.beer.nodes.lengths'.
Um, 'Beers Available. Dine In Only'.
The reason I put that, is cause we're not - we're not
including this in the order form that we're going to build.
Um, coming up. So, we have a hundred and - oops.
Dollar sign's not needed.
We have a 141 beers available dine in only.
Good. Okay.
Next, what we need to do is to loop over them.
So give ourselves a 'div' and in that we will take
our 'data.beers.nodes.map', singular beer.
And for each one,
we will um return -
I'm just gonna 'consl.log' beer here um just because
if I don't put some some code right here and I save it
um I pretier converts it to an implicit return,
which I don't want in this case.
So, 'return' um parenthesis
in there we'll give ourselves another 'div'
and an 'h3'
as the 'beer.name'.
Let's just make sure we can loop over every single one.
Okay, good we got them all showing up. Yup.
Um next, we need to put a key on that.
'Beer.id' and we'll go here and we'll give ourselves
an image tag. So, this is not using Gatsby image, um
because these images are hosted externally.
But if you wanted to you could in your Gatsby node,
you'd have to download the images and then further source
those images into Gatsby. Um, but in our case
they're already sized and ready to go, so, we can
use them right off the hosted.
So, 'Beer.image' and the alt for that will be the
'Beer.name'.
Below that let's do the 'Beer.price'.
Good.
All right so, we got a Guinness Extra Shout, 8.99.
Looks like a bunch of our beers are showing up.
Which is great. Okay.
Um next, what we need to do it the rating.
Um so we want to know what the rating is out of 5 stars.
If we take a look at each beer rating.
So open one up. A rating, uh, 2.8
out of 470 reviews.
So what we wanna do is, round that up or down to the
closest star. We wanna show how many stars we have.
So let's to here we'll say const rating is equal to
'math.round',
'beer.rating.average'.
And we'll go down here and give ourselves a paragraph. Tag.
And we'll need to show how many stars it has.
So, let's take the star emoji,
and repeat it.
How ever many ratings it has,
so that gives us four,
three, one.
Oh, New Holland, not doing too well.
Um now we need to show the rest of them.
Which is five minus whatever the rating is.
So, put this on it's own line. Duplicate that.
And repeat five minus the actual rating.
Now, they're are all - we need to like, uh style them
somehow. What I like to do, is to take a 'span'
and go up here and just do some in line styles right in,
in - we could put a class on this and target it later.
But, let's just do it right in line.
Style is equal to, you do double curly brackets.
Uh, filter and we want to use gray scale, 100%.
That should make them gray. Yeah, good.
Um, now that's not very accessible because um
people who do not have sight or have poor sight
will not be able to see. All they will see is 5 stars.
They're all 5 stars, right?
So, in order to do that, we have to put
a title tag on that,
um, and we'll give it a
rating out of 5 stars,
and that will make it accessible
so that if someone with a screen reader goes over
this paragraph tag it will tell them 4 out of 5 stars.
And same thing, you could just hover over
it with you mouse.
Um, which is, pretty cool.
Um, we also want to give it the count.
So, let's give it another span, in parenthesis we'll say
'beer.rating.reviews'.
That just tells us how many people have reviewed
that specific beer.
Okay, so, we've got all of our data showing up now.
Let's do some quick CSS, so we can have
a bit of a grid for it.
So, uh, let's go, uh (tongue clicking).
This div right here.
Const BeerGridStyles is equal to 'style.div'.
We need to import style from style components.
Display grid.
Grid, gap or we could just use gap.
2rem maybe. Uh grid template columns.
Let's do repeat auto fit.
Is it auto dash fit? Let's see.
Minmax, I always forget.
I have an entire course on CSS Grid and
I can't remember. I think it's dash.
At a minimum you want it to be 200 px
and a maximum 1fr.
Let's see what we're working with there.
Uh, nothing because I didn't use it yet.
So, let's take that div, that surrounds everything
and replace it with our BeerGridStyles.
There we go.
Uh, looks like that image is broken right now,
but it should come back.
Looking good!
Now let's take the actual beer style.
So, singular beer um and in this case if we want to use
style a single beer, we could select it from within here
like '.beer' or we could make another style component.
Um, I'm going to show you how
to make another style component.
Const capital S, SingleBeerStyle,
so put 'style.div',
and
in that let's just border 1px solid
var gray -
I forgot to use it!
I've got to put it in here,
so keep the key but replace the 'div'
with 'SingleBeerStyles'.
There we go!
Now it's starting to look good.
Um, let's go up here.
Padding 2rem. Text align center. `
There we go.
Um, we'll do...image.
Width is 100%,
height is 200px.
Let's see how big that is.
Okay. Now these are stretched in some cases.
If that's the case, like here -
let me show you a really extreme example.
If I do 600px, like look at this.
If you want the image to be that big,
most of them will be stretched.
So what you can do is you can say is,
object fit, either cover
and that will zoom it up
and crop it or object fit contain,
and that will make sure the entire,
regardless of the width and the height of that image
it will actually fit it inside, so.
Let's stick to 200px, there we go.
Um, let's see this one.
It's not showing up.
Um, let me just display block on that.
There we go.
Um, and even in this image,
if I want this tacs to be centered
I can say display grid.
And align items center.
Yeah!!
Font size 10px,
color var gray.
Background, actually don't take... not -
We'll do background gray.
Ummm.
No.
Some of these are - we won't do background gray.
We'll just say, color is gray.
That is too light, that - that inaccessible gray.
Um, so we need to make that, let's just make them
we'll keep them black, you know.
I think that, that pretty good.
All right, good! So we've got this showing up.
Let's just make sure that it's like responsive.
We'll go through and make sure this whole thing is
responsive, but what I like using about grid is that,
it's just responsive by nature.
If you use this little auto fit, minmax ditty right here.
Um, good! I think that's, that's, that's it.
Um, we sourced the data.
We put it into our graph gil guy.
We queried it, we looped over it.
We styled it.
And now we're done! See ya.